welcome to kitchen P hello and welcome
to Holy Trinity those kitchen care today
you will see our class battle it out is
going to be an intense battle not for
the faint-hearted now let me first up
its the girls be strong talented and
mature young ladies are ready to cook up
a storm for us today the challengers
today are the boys with their minds all
coming together this afternoon the boys
believe the victory is there fully take
these boys something the their way
around the kitchen we are going to be
making a tasty nutritious mouth-watering
lettuce leaf wrap pot full of salmon
beans spring onion mix together with
natural Greek yogurt carefully open a
tin of beans once open Jane the water
from the tin of beans into a ball
earthen the red Sun and using the spoon
to scoop out the Sun into the bowl
roofies
carefully using a sharp knife chop up
some spring onion into small pieces and
add to the ball ask an adult for help
with this next add some fresh lemon
juice pretty bold this can either be
freshly squeezed lemon or from a bottle
of lemon juice take a large screen for
dog natural Greek yogurt and add to the
mixture user spirits mix all of the
ingredients together
next take two leaves from an iceberg
lettuce and made them flat on the table
begins wheeling the mixture into the
lattices ready to roll
[Music]
Wow
what a wonderful show the boys tickled
our taste buds with their sublime salmon
wraps and the girls finished it off
beautifully with a snipe dest of lemon
dressing so who do you think were the
winners of our Holy Trinity catching
kids
[Music]
[Applause]